Q: You're greeted by a classmate you've never talked to before. What do you do?
Duck into the nearest washroom
The other classmate would be sad that you ignored them...
Pretend to look at a squirrel outside
The other classmate would be sad that you think an imaginary squirrel is more important than them...
Wave or greet them back
That's right, a simple hi back not only resolves this crisis and could earn you a potential new friend!
Look at them awkwardly and give no response
That's just going to make things more awkward than it should be.
2
Q. You have a very important question about a homework assignment. What do you do?
Ask a teacher or peer
Yeah! Teachers and peers are meant to help you, so make use of them.
Cry about it
Why make yourself more sad than you already are because of this homework.
Guess the answer
Don't want your grades to suffer, so better ask someone for clarification.
Don't do the homework
Now now you wouldn't want to end up failing the class, so better ask someone for clarification.
0
Q: You're talking with others in a group, and you stumble on your words. What will they most likely do?
Laugh at you for being stupid
Everyone makes mistakes so no one will call you out for something as small as stumbling on a few words.
Nothing, they barely noticed it, so carry on
Yep, simple as that. Everyone makes mistakes, so no one will shame you for it. Unless they're a jerk of course, but that's not your problem.
Tell the teacher that you are bad
Everyone makes mistakes so no one will call you out for something as small as stumbling on a few words.
Ask to remove you from the group
Nah, everyone makes mistakes, so they won't mind. If they do try to remove you, it's probably better to leave them anyway.
1
Q. You forgot your pencils for a quiz. What do you do?
Look for pencils in the hallway
If you don't find any, a high chance, you're screwed.
Skip class
Skipping class can result in serious consequences, so don't risk it all for just a quiz.
Ask a peer
Mhm, everyone forgets things so they'll be glad to help you out. It's not like you're asking them for a kidney or something.
Use a crayon instead
That's really not a good idea. You can't erase crayons.
2
Q. You see a group of people during lunch that are talking about something you like. What do you do?
Walk to a different table and eat by yourself
No one likes sadly eating alone by themselves.
Try to talk to them and join them
Exactly! It's the perfect opportunity because it'll be much easier to talk about something that you like.
Go to the washroom and stay there for the entire lunch
Eating lunch in the washroom is pretty unsanitary. Don't wanna be catching weird diseases.
Record the conversation on your phone
What's the point of that if you don't join in on the conversation? Might as well watch a YouTube video instead.
1
Q. When faced with a presentation, you should
Keep calm and review what you want to say
Yep! That will help you build confidence and do your best.
Avoid looking at the audience, only your notes
Notes are meant for you to have eye contact more easily with the audience. You're presenting to them, not to your hands.
Skip class by faking a stomach ache
You're gonna have to do that presentation eventually since you can't skip classes forever.
Doubt your speaking ability
That's only going to make you more nervous. Just think of it as talking to your close friends or family, so don't worry about it!
0
